0: Write a script to switch your user ID to betty. Create a script that prints the current users effective userid. Create a script that lists every group the current user is a member of. Write a script to alter the user Bettys ownership of the file hello. Create a script that produces the blank file hello. 5 - Create a script that grants the owner of the file hello execute permission. 6 - Create a script that gives the owner and group owner the ability to run, as well as other users the ability to view, the file hello. 7 - Create a script that grants the owner, the group owner, and the other users the ability to execute commands.8 - Write a script that sets the permission to the file hello as follows: 9 - Write a script that sets the mode of the file hello to this: 10 - Write a script that sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode. 11 - Create a script that adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users. Regular files should not be changed. 12 - Create a script that creates a directory called dir_holberton with permissions 751 in the working directory. 13 - Write a script that changes the group owner to holberton for the file hello 14 - Write a script that changes the owner to betty and the group owner to holberton for all the files and directories in the working directory. 15 - Write a script that changes the owner and the group owner of the file _hello to betty and holberton respectively. 16 - Write a script that changes the owner of the file hello to betty only if it is owned by the user guillaume.
